com/lay/fibuv2/ui/login/LoginViewModel.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.login.LoginViewModel
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/ActivitySearchBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.ActivitySearchBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/ActivityMainLoggedInBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.ActivityMainLoggedInBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1
com/lay/fibuv2/data/LoginRepository.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.data.LoginRepository
com/lay/fibuv2/MainActivity.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.MainActivity
 com.lay.fibuv2.MainActivity$1
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/main/PageViewModel.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.main.PageViewModel
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/api/DetailsAPI.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.api.DetailsAPI
 com.lay.fibuv2.api.DetailsAPI$MovieDetails
 com.lay.fibuv2.api.DetailsAPI$PlotOutline
 com.lay.fibuv2.api.DetailsAPI$PlotSummary
 com.lay.fibuv2.api.DetailsAPI$Title
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
com/lay/fibuv2/database/Account.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.database.Account
com/lay/fibuv2/database/DatabaseHandler.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.database.DatabaseHandler
com/lay/fibuv2/data/model/LoggedInUser.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.data.model.LoggedInUser
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/ActivityMovieDetails2Binding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.ActivityMovieDetails2Binding
com/lay/fibuv2/ResetPassword.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ResetPassword
 com.lay.fibuv2.ResetPassword$1
 com.lay.fibuv2.ResetPassword$1$1
 com.lay.fibuv2.ResetPassword$1$1$1
 com.lay.fibuv2.ResetPassword$1$1$2
com/lay/fibuv2/FirstTime2.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.FirstTime2
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/login/LoggedInUserView.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.login.LoggedInUserView
com/lay/fibuv2/api/SearchAPI.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.api.SearchAPI
 com.lay.fibuv2.api.SearchAPI$Movie
com/lay/fibuv2/FullscreenActivity.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.FullscreenActivity
 com.lay.fibuv2.FullscreenActivity$1
 com.lay.fibuv2.FullscreenActivity$2
 com.lay.fibuv2.FullscreenActivity$3
 com.lay.fibuv2.FullscreenActivity$4
 com.lay.fibuv2.FullscreenActivity$5
com/lay/fibuv2/data/Result.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.data.Result
 com.lay.fibuv2.data.Result$1
 com.lay.fibuv2.data.Result$Error
 com.lay.fibuv2.data.Result$Success
com/lay/fibuv2/PasswordForgot.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.PasswordForgot
 com.lay.fibuv2.PasswordForgot$1
 com.lay.fibuv2.PasswordForgot$1$1
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/main/SecondFragment.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.main.SecondFragment
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$2
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/ActivityPasswordForgotBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.ActivityPasswordForgotBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/data/LoginDataSource.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.data.LoginDataSource
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/api/GetMoreLikeThisAPI.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.api.GetMoreLikeThisAPI
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/lay/fibuv2/ThumbnailFullScreen.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ThumbnailFullScreen
 com.lay.fibuv2.ThumbnailFullScreen$1
 com.lay.fibuv2.ThumbnailFullScreen$2
 com.lay.fibuv2.ThumbnailFullScreen$3
 com.lay.fibuv2.ThumbnailFullScreen$4
com/lay/fibuv2/MainLoggedIn.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.MainLoggedIn
 com.lay.fibuv2.MainLoggedIn$1
 com.lay.fibuv2.MainLoggedIn$2
com/lay/fibuv2/BuildConfig.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.BuildConfig
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/ActivityCreateAccountBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.ActivityCreateAccountBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/login/LoginResult.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.login.LoginResult
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/ActivityThumbnailFullScreenBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.ActivityThumbnailFullScreenBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/ActivityResetPasswordBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.ActivityResetPasswordBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/home/IsMovieSaved.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.home.IsMovieSaved
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/login/LoginFormState.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.login.LoginFormState
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/login/LoginViewModelFactory.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.login.LoginViewModelFactory
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/api/RateAPI.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.api.RateAPI
 com.lay.fibuv2.api.RateAPI$MovieRate
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/ActivityFirstTimeBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.ActivityFirstTimeBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/FragmentFirstTime2Binding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.FragmentFirstTime2Binding
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/main/FirstFragment.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.main.FirstFragment
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/login/LoginActivity.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.login.LoginActivity
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$1
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.login.LoginActivity$2
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/ActivityFullscreenBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.ActivityFullscreenBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/RoundedTransformation.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.RoundedTransformation
com/lay/fibuv2/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/lay/fibuv2/CreateAccount.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.CreateAccount
 com.lay.fibuv2.CreateAccount$1
 com.lay.fibuv2.CreateAccount$2
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.home.HomeFragment$3
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.home.HomeFragment$4
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.home.HomeFragment$5
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.home.HomeFragment$6
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.home.HomeFragment$7
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.home.HomeFragment$8
com/lay/fibuv2/Search.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.Search
 com.lay.fibuv2.Search$1
com/lay/fibuv2/MovieDetails.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.MovieDetails
 com.lay.fibuv2.MovieDetails$1
com/lay/fibuv2/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 com.lay.fibuv2.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
